Hello and welcome to the course on power night as you can see we've created the second chord chart and
color it already and we're not actually going to explore right now.
So we'll do all of that in the fall to Tauriel when everything is ready when the whole visualization
is ready.
For now we're just going to add a final element or two final elements of isolation just so that when
we are exploring it is completed and we can derive all insights that we need.
All right.
So we're going to add a tree map which we're going to add to tree maps.
So we're going to add a tree up here and you guessed it we're going to add a tree map here.
So one is going to be for the creditor's Another one is going to be for the deaders And so let's go
ahead and do that.
We'll take this very simple just say creditor's put them in here automatically goes into group take
them all and put it in here goes into values.
Simple that power be-I at its best.
Creating things is very simple and so is this anything for this.
Before we proceed further that is amount done.
So now this the format is in view I remember we switch that element on so that now we can see the grids
and that will help us with the formatting.
Let's maybe take it all the way up to here.
And I'm just trying to count 1 2 3 7 7 boxes right 1 2 3 4 Less than 7.
OK so we've got to split this one somewhere here.
All right.
Yep that's good.
And this one as well.
This is the most fun part.
All right there we go.
Don't you think kind of like I don't like about partya is that we've put into charts and to this onto
this worksheet is in the same worksheet but the colors are different so you can see here and say let's
have a look.
Germany's red Germany's yellow.
I don't know.
And then Spain is grey Spain is yellow and so it's a bit of a nuisance to update the colors every single
time for every single Alsation And even if you like copy one from the other it still doesn't always
work the way that you want it to work.
So we're going to have to adjust that and we'll do that just now.
But what I want to show is that already we have a very powerful position here because I can.
When I click on something here this adjusts and all of these are just and again you can see like whoosh
and when you click on everything adapts and that's what we're going to be exploring in the further tutorial.
But for now what I don't think is the best option for all these is that select a country here you can
see that these boxes in in the totals or in the tree maps they're actually only kind of adjusting so
the only highlighting is sort of like a whole box re-adjusting itself.
It's only highlighting the exact amount.
So first of all if we're going to do is we're going to add the labels.
Right so we're going to go to data labels.
I'm going to put them on so that we can actually see the man's here and same thing here.
But the other thing that I wanted to do is I don't think the highlighting is the best option for us
so we're going to change that to a filtering so to do that we've already discussed this a bit in price
in the course such a selective resolution is going to be the most high resolution go to format quick
edit interactions.
And here you can see that you've got the option sites highlighting changes to filtering then uncheck
then like this one this is going to be the monster same thing changes to filtering and then this one.
So right now if I click this again it's also highlighting so click here filtering and click and click
on this one.
It's a monster now.
Click this and click filtering these ones as you can see they don't even have an optional highlighting
because that's the type of chart that we're working with Precourt diagram sort of possible to highlight
things and it will be restructured so.
OK.
So there we go.
So now when I click you can see that the whole chart is just a updating right away and it's easier if
I think it's easier to understand.
Again you might have a different opinion.
That's totally fine.
So do do it the way you think is right.
I personally think that it's easier to read when the whole tree map has adjusted like that.
So again we're not we're not right now we're not analyzing anything we're just making sure.
So we kind of performing the job of the developer of this Zeshan and the analyst.
That's what we're going to be doing in the next tutorial where we're going to be analyzing this resolution.
Now the final step is the colors obviously we can't leave the colors like so different right.
We could leave the colors different to the top part so we could change the colors to make some difference
differences but definitely these two boxes can have like United States green and then will you know
States not even on this one Spain yellow.
And then Spain gray or Germany red.
And then Germany yellow in this one it's just confusing.
And so we're going to need to change that so let's go into that data colors and again by now we already
know them off by heart.
We can just check here so there's only France and Spain that are not the medium and low risk.
So this is what Spain that's just that to this color as we had before.
The only thing here is now the currency the name the title here.
Not the best.
All right let's have a look at what this will look like.
France say again you can't really see the color and to see if we can change the
labels here.
The label maybe make it black.
Maybe that'll be better.
Well let's see how to look on the gray.
So that is gray.
Portugal is Iris Ireland higher as Italy high risk Britain.
Yeah it looks good so we'll leave it like Germany stable.
France and Japan.
OK.
There we go.
So that part is done.
And now we just have to do the same for this data labels black data colors.
It's a bit of a tedious process but that's what sometimes happens when you want to create something
amazing for your audience.
Greece high risk Ireland's high risk Portugal hydrous Spain Spain was medium risk Germany stable Italy
high risk by the end of this.
You are going to be an expert in the euro debt crisis of 2011.
OK so there we go and title here.
So let's just do this as well.
We're just going to change this to.
Or actually the total we had was actually the right amount like creditor and then this one as well title
changes to 12.
All right.
So there we go.
Everything is ready let's save that and let's have a look at how beautifully it adjusts.
So you can see very very beautiful resolution that we've created.
And yeah so now we have to do all we have left to do is from some analytics and derive some insights
from this session and see what it's actually telling us and will proceed with that in the next tutorial.
Hope you enjoyed this one.
I'll see you next time.
And until then happy analyzing.